Test Cases
==========


Variables
---------

	- # of processors in system
	- number of processes introduced to system
	- time distribution of processes introduced to system
	- location distribution of processes introduced to system
	- type of process
		* CPU-intensive
		* I/O-intensive (disk)
		* Memory-intensive
	- Load, memory requiremetns, and length of processes
	- Speed of processors
	- Memory of processors
	- Environment
		* simulation
		* quasi-simulation
		* real implementation
	- Preemptive vs. non-preemptive load balancing
		(only in simulation and quasi-simulation)


Test Cases
----------

I. 4 process types * 3 algorithms * 3 environments = 36 test cases
   (cpu-intensive-process, interactive-process,
    disk-intensive-process, mix-of-all three) 
   (random-dpa, centralized up-down, token-based)
   (simulation, quasi-simulation, full-implementation)

   A. Characteristics same among all test cases
      1. Variable creation interval between 0.5s and 10s
      2. Each process is created on a random machine
      3. 5 processors
      4. Non-preemptive

   B. Characteristics differring among test cases

      1. Test A
	 a. 30 processes
	 b. Only CPU intensive processes
	 c. For simulation, a process with load 1 that runs 35 seconds
	    is used

      2. Test B
	 a. 30 processes
	 b. Only highly interactive processes
	 c. For simulation, a process with load 0.01 that runs 10 seconds
	    is used

      3. Test C
         a. 30 processes
	 b. Only disk intensive processes
	 c. For simulation, a process with load 0.6 that runs 18 seconds
	    is used

      4. Test D
	 a. 50 processes
	 b. A mix of all 3 process types
	 c. For simulation, processes have a random load of between
	    0.01 and 1.0 and run for a random interval of between 


II. Longer interval between process creations.  3 algorithms * 1
    environment = 3 test cases

    A. 15 seconds between every process creation
    B. 30 processes total
    C. A mix of all 3 process types
    D. Each process is created on a random machine
    E. Quasi-simulation environment
    F. 5 processors
    G. Non-preemptive
	

III. Scalability.  Number of processors changed.  Performed only in
quasi-simulation environment.  Number of Processors * 3 algorithms * 1
environment = 9 test cases

    A. Number of processors (1, 5, 20, n)
    B. Quasi-simulation environment
    C. Non-preemptive
    D. 50? processes total
    E. Processes are created on random machines
    F. A mix of all 3 process types are used
    G. A random amount of time between 0.5s and 15s between each
       process creation request


IV. Location of process introduction. 1 algorithm * 3 environments.
Performed only in quasi-simulation.  All processes are created on the
same machine.  For token and centralized algorithms, this makes no
difference, but in the random-dpa algorithm, it does matter where
processes are created because not all machines have the same view of
the system.  3 test cases.

    A. 30 processes total
    B. All processes are created on the same machine
    C. 15 seconds between each process creation
    D. A mix of all 3 process types


V. Fault Tolerance (4 tests * 3 algorithms = 12 test cases).

   A. Processor failures
   B. Processor additions during runtime
   C. Network failures
   D. Network delays


VI. Preemptive vs. non-preemptive processor allocation
   2 environments (simulation, quasi-simulation) * 3 algorithms = 6
test cases.



-----------
Total Test Cases = 70 test cases
